feat: Update reference/CRDs.md for matchConditions (#428)
kubewarden/docs: docs/reference/CRDs.md

| `matchPolicy` _[MatchPolicyType](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.28/#matchpolicytype-v1-admissionregistration)_ | matchPolicy defines how the "rules" list is used to match incoming requests. Allowed values are "Exact" or "Equivalent". <ul> <li> Exact: match a request only if it exactly matches a specified rule. For example, if deployments can be modified via apps/v1, apps/v1beta1, and extensions/v1beta1, but "rules" only included `apiGroups:["apps"], apiVersions:["v1"], resources: ["deployments"]`, a request to apps/v1beta1 or extensions/v1beta1 would not be sent to the webhook. </li> <li> Equivalent: match a request if modifies a resource listed in rules, even via another API group or version. For example, if deployments can be modified via apps/v1, apps/v1beta1, and extensions/v1beta1, and "rules" only included `apiGroups:["apps"], apiVersions:["v1"], resources: ["deployments"]`, a request to apps/v1beta1 or extensions/v1beta1 would be converted to apps/v1 and sent to the webhook. </li> </ul> Defaults to "Equivalent" |

> | `matchConditions` _[MatchCondition](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.28/#matchcondition-v1-admissionregistration) array_ | MatchConditions is a list of conditions that must be met for a request to be validated. Match conditions filter requests that have already been matched by the rules, namespaceSelector, and objectSelector. An empty list of matchConditions matches all requests. There are a maximum of 64 match conditions allowed. If a parameter object is provided, it can be accessed via the `params` handle in the same manner as validation expressions. The exact matching logic is (in order): 1. If ANY matchCondition evaluates to FALSE, the policy is skipped. 2. If ALL matchConditions evaluate to TRUE, the policy is evaluated. 3. If any matchCondition evaluates to an error (but none are FALSE): - If failurePolicy=Fail, reject the request - If failurePolicy=Ignore, the policy is skipped Only available if the feature gate AdmissionWebhookMatchConditions is enabled. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `matchConditions` _[MatchCondition](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.28/#matchcondition-v1-admissionregistration) array_ | MatchConditions are a list of conditions that must be met for a request to be validated. Match conditions filter requests that have already been matched by the rules, namespaceSelector, and objectSelector. An empty list of matchConditions matches all requests. There are a maximum of 64 match conditions allowed. If a parameter object is provided, it can be accessed via the `params` handle in the same manner as validation expressions. The exact matching logic is (in order): 1. If ANY matchCondition evaluates to FALSE, the policy is skipped. 2. If ALL matchConditions evaluate to TRUE, the policy is evaluated. 3. If any matchCondition evaluates to an error (but none are FALSE): - If failurePolicy=Fail, reject the request - If failurePolicy=Ignore, the policy is skipped. Only available if the feature gate AdmissionWebhookMatchConditions is enabled. |
```

| `affinity` _[Affinity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.28/#affinity-v1-core)_ | Affinity rules for the associated Policy Server pods. |
| `limits` _object (keys:[ResourceName](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.28/#resourcename-v1-core), values:Quantity)_ | Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. |
| `requests` _object (keys:[ResourceName](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.28/#resourcename-v1-core), values:Quantity)_ | Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Request is omitted for, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value |

> | `tolerations` _[Toleration](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.28/#toleration-v1-core) array_ | Tolerations describes the policy server pod's tolerations. It can be user to ensure that the policy server pod is not scheduled onto a node with a taint. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tolerations` _[Toleration](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.28/#toleration-v1-core) array_ | Tolerations describe the policy server pod's tolerations. It can be used to ensure that the policy server pod is not scheduled onto a node with a taint. |
```
